grpc: Service for triggering indexer pruning (#1260)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/features/1260-grpc-pruning-indexer.md

> - `[rpc/grpc]` Add grpc endpoint for pruning the tx_index.db.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[rpc/grpc]` Add gRPC endpoint for pruning the block and transaction indexes
```
